#git-extensions

This is git extensions including some useful commands.

#Install
##Mac/Linux
    $ curl https://raw.github.com/muratayusuke/git-extensions/stable/installer.sh | bash -s

## msysgit
    $ wget https://raw.github.com/muratayusuke/git-extensions/stable/msysgit_install.cmd
    $ cmd
    $ msysgit_install.cmd

#Referrence
##git bk
git bk is simple backup of current branch.

    $ git branch
    * develop
      master
    $git bk
    [SUCCESS] successfully backup current branch to 'bk_stable'
    $ git branch
      bk_develop
    * develop
      master

##git ffcheck
git ffcheck supports fast-forward merge.  
You can check if current branch can do fast-forward merge to 'develop' and 'master' branch like this:

    $ git ffcheck
    [Warning] branch 'develop' is not exist
    [SUCCESS] you can fast-forward merge to branch 'master'

##git mktopic
git mktopic can make topic branch named by specific rule, 'pro_YYYYMMDD_hoge'.  
'pro' means project, and 'YYYYMMDD' is the date you run this command.  
Run this command when you start new project, usually from 'master' or 'develop' branch.  
To make 'pro_YYYYMMDD_projectname' branch, you only need to type this:  

    $ git mktopic projectname
    Switched to a new branch 'pro_20121106_projectname'
    
    $ git branch
      master
    * pro_20121106_projectname

As you see, this command is 'git checkout -b' with prefix of branch name.

##git mkreltag
git mkreltag is tag version of git mktopic. The prefix is 'rel_YYYYMMDD_hoge'.
'rel' means release. So you can make 'rel_YYYYMMDD_releasename' tag with this:

    $ git mkreltag releasename
    $ git tag
    rel_20121106_releasename

You can use this command only from 'master' branch.